# Notes

Twitter recently deprecated the 1.0 branch of their API. Now Twits must use 1.1, which requires you to use OAuth. For information on how to obtain the credentials needed refer to the OAuth section a little further down. If you are unwilling to do these steps you cannot use this plugin. I apologize for the inconvenience, but this is how the cookie must crumble.

If you are getting a blank menu item (there will be some text, but not what you were looking for) you will more than likely have to CHMOD the `twits_menu` directory to be writable, `0777`. You can do this in your FTP client.

# Twits

Twits is a menu item that will display your current Twitter status(es).

## Configuration

Navigate to the admin area and under the Plugins section select the `Twits` icon.

## OAuth and You!

To obtain OAuth credentials you must create an application through Twitter. Follow the below steps to get your credentials:

1. Navigate to the [Developer area of Twitter](https://dev.twitter.com/apps/) and log in.
2. Create a new application and fill in the required fields.
3. Once your application is created generate an access token.
4. Click the settings tab and change your Application Type to `Read & Write`.
5. Now copy over all your credentials into the config area of Twits. **DO NOT SHARE THESE WITH ANYONE!!**

If you have any questions feel free to send me a [PM](http://e107.org/e107_plugins/pm/pm.php?send.37).

# Templates

The information displayed in the Twits menu can be customized by editing the `twits_template.php` file inside the `e107_plugins/twits_menu/` folder.
Alternatively, you can save the `twits_template.php` file inside your theme folder and it will be changed on a per theme basis.

## Shortcodes

The following shortcodes are converted inside the template file:

*This section is outdated and will get updated shortly. Refer to the `twits_shortcodes.php` file for all the shortcodes.*

* {USERNAME} → Displays your Twitter username, which links to your Twitter profile.
* {STATUS} → Displays your current status. #tags and @mentions are automatically converted.
* {DATESTAMP} → The datestamp of your status update. Converted using e107's convert_date() function.
* {RETWEET} → Displays a link to allow visitors of your site to retweet the listed status.
* {REPLY} → Displays a link to allow visitors of your site the ability to reply to the listed status.
* {FAVORITE} → Displays a link to allow visitors of your site to favorite the listed status.

## Translations

If you would like to translate this plugin, post the translations on [paste2.org](http://paste2.org/) and [PM](http://e107.org/e107_plugins/pm/pm.php?send.37) me the URL generated.